[music]
Hello everyone today, I whistle Arseny
again tell you about
12 lebron and but maybe you also
wonder why again so
because I have long been talking about them
because they are if you know were in Russia but
they were quickly nike called back all this in
connection with the marriage which I am in that review
of course I found it for correction
of which in this video I will also indicate
plus in this video I 'll show the nursery
version of these sneakers
Well, you can even say the meaning on
little foot and so branch me once
hands got the name instinct and
understandable in Russian proposed
Nike description of this color I
I could not translate but as I understood the essence
It is possible for animals
say to that speed and agility in
certain situations that
demonstrate us lebron can say
can you say how he can
adapt to different players times
over time
well, so maybe this stuff
which has a name hyper groove very
beautifully in the colors shimmer but
Now unfortunately I do not know to send or you
is it a camera now or not
then I will say here about the marriage that was
fixed in this may even in this
the current version well, and he was in
braces are pink so that are present
in the holes for the laces
show them closer but not possible
say before were plastic well and
you can say in vain as it turned out not
can they be attached to each other for a long time and
As a result, the races were connected, I even remember when
first
Well, on that old colors preparing a video
review and laced up sneakers and then
when they were backed up every time
when I shoveled these loops and these
these brackets sorry they burrowed together
and popped up but now these braces
made of metal and non-metallic and
I have no complaints about this
the element is no longer a top and generally
all these sneakers in general so now
show you the baby version of this sneaker
surprisingly but they are worth
cheaper and by itself some kind of technology
and design decisions in this version we
we will not find any more then they are of course
simplified from differences in adult to
child's
but the version I found no thread
flywire
and also the presence in the children's version
the presence of an internal boot
so for example in the adult version I tell you
now showing
the threads flywire we see they are orange
colors and we observe that they pass well
rather I tell you that they pass
inside this material is mega taste which
in these sneakers just is
solid but here in the children's version is already mega
fuze can be said somehow intern simplified
and
We already have
just put the inner boot here
that is, again, be back the hero of an adult
versions we have here mega fuze can say
is one piece smell and
no separation novice we're here and
watch as I said this one piece
material but otherwise these sneakers
It remained the same it can be said
everything also fixes our leg hyper
Abakan key here on both sides
show on both sneakers and
also innovative ones remained in place
technologies such as example hex zoom
so here's showing you this closer
also add that all this I already
told in the video review that took
for a long time there I have disassembled more and more
all top material that has
The name Mega Taste also told about
heck zoom why is he so called and his
features
and of course I mentioned various
other technologies
Well, by itself, and told about everything
used logo and so he
the link that you now see you all
you can find out well, but that's about it
You were me whistling Arseny
join me in social
networks subscribe to the channel and thanks
for your attention
[music]